docs: link to wiki page for troubleshooting guide (#1052)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/troubleshoot/troubleshooting.md

title: Troubleshooting Problems
weight: 1
---
- [Troubleshooting Guide](#troubleshooting-guide)
  - [UI](#ui)
  - [Manager and Engines](#manager-and-engines)
  - [CSI driver](#csi-driver)
  - [Flexvolume Driver](#flexvolume-driver)
- [Common issues](#common-issues)
  - [Volume can be attached/detached from UI, but Kubernetes Pod/StatefulSet etc cannot use it](#volume-can-be-attacheddetached-from-ui-but-kubernetes-podstatefulset-etc-cannot-use-it)
    - [Using with Flexvolume Plugin](#using-with-flexvolume-plugin)

## Troubleshooting Guide

> > For more indepth troubleshooting flow. Please see https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/wiki/Troubleshooting

Reviewer: And in the other 13 places.
```suggestion
> For a more in-depth troubleshooting flow please see https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/wiki/Troubleshooting.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed

```
touch /var/log/longhorn_driver.log
```

## Common issues
### Volume can be attached/detached from UI, but Kubernetes Pod/StatefulSet etc cannot use it

#### Using with Flexvolume Plugin

> Check if the volume plugin directory has been set correctly. This is automatically detected unless user explicitly set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the volume plugin directory has been set correctly. This is automatically detected unless the user explicitly sets it.
```

Author: Thank you. Fixed
